chore(nextjs): Improve experience when swapping keys on Keyless mode (#4787)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/young-beans-trade.md

---
'@clerk/nextjs': patch
---

> Improve experience when swapping keys on Keyless mode.

Reviewer: 💡 Should we mention here regarding the hot-swapped .env case? Just to clarify the "improve experience" part

> Improve experience when swapping keys on Keyless mode.

Author: ```suggestion
Improve error message when swapping keys defined as environment variables. Affects (code=encryption_key_invalid).
 **On Keyless mode**: Attempt to not throw the error.
```

Author: @BRKalow @LauraBeatris is this better ?

> Improve experience when swapping keys on Keyless mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improves the error message when changing keys in development causes a subsequent request to fail.
```
